# **Arduino_ThreeLetterWordGenerator**

An arduino project to generate random three-letter words and display them on a 1602 LCD screen.

****************************************************************************************************
# Program flow:

***
- Generate a random three-letter word.
- Confirm if word exists (using pushbuttons connected to pins 5 and 6).
- If word exists, store the word in memory.
- Continue generating words.
***



*The function random() is then made to generate a random number between 0 and 25.

*Note also that the array alphabets[] consists of 26 elements (i.e. letters of the English language alphabets). These elements are labelled 0 to 25.

*The random number generated is used to select a corresponding alphabet from the array 'alphabets[]' three times, for the three letters of the word.

*The final word is a concatenation of the three letters generated, called 'Word'.
**

#_TLDR:_#

**The words are generated by using random numbers generated by seeding the current time into the random() function.

****************************************************************************************************

#Directory structure:
Arduino_ThreeLetterWordGenerator:

/lib/xlwg/                  **This directory contains the xlwg library, adapted to work with Arduino**

/src/main.cpp               **This contains the main source file with the setup() and loop() Arduino functions**





Important points to note:
*This code is written for PlatformIO IDE.
*To use it in ArduinoIDE, some adjustments may have to be made to the code, suint8_t as changing the file directory structure.
